well we have already reacted to the first
video that Dallas has uploaded it has been
strong we did the things that he has said and he
has put like a rag and now I
propose
I propose to react to the second video
that he has uploaded and it is that he has
uploaded a video
on the Tala channel without a filter writing
more so easy suddenly the salsero who
today was good for the salsero but
suddenly I am seeing that he is live
cultura chatarra reacting to the gay
novela forward apparently cultura
chatarra has also had some trouble
with Dylan the chicken from youtube there
is also the Dallas trial wing michu
finally charisma also
your tongue can touch your beard while you
look up do not have the
extra courage I am quite exhausted and I see that there is
a
[Music]
a couple of videos and no jealousy also
waltz and thank you very much that by the
titles I can deduce that he supports the
laws or that he is the worst hater of Dallas it is
not worth the pleasure for me to
present them to the net and they are as you already know
the date of Valentine's Day is approaching what does
this mean well this means
that  Surely all of you who are
seeing me that you have a girlfriend some but
all of you who have a girlfriend
are surely thinking about what to give no and you
know that I always highly recommend
buying online in trusted stores
because it is the most comfortable no you do not have to
go out on the street and more now with all the
issue that we are living they ask for whatever it
is it arrives at the door of your house and
there then surely they are already thinking
about what to give to
your partner but why don't you think
of something because don't we also want a
little bit for yourselves I who love myself for
many years that I see myself here I am so
good I love myself that is why I propose something
different before giving something to
someone why don't you give something to
yourself that is to say give yourself a little love and a
sample of how you love yourself what
can you give? Well, I think it could be a
nice sweater some ankle boots a sweatshirt something
for the computer surely there is something
that you are thinking of buying for yourself well if you
do it with lety shop which is as
simple as the link that you will
find in the description install
the extension in chrome or download the
application every time it
says any online purchase in some
from your trusted establishments you are going
to receive back a percentage of
dandruff what does this mean because you are going to
buy but at the same time you are going to get
a little of that money back into your
account it has more than 3,000
trusted establishments to
choose from among which is El Corte
Inglés' ps components and in which book and
rooms that are trusted almost all
are there so what are you waiting for if you are going to
buy something take advantage and buy it
cheaper with a percentage back
for you so you can spend it on whatever
you want so you can love
yourself happy valentine's day guys I
said the link in the description
and now let's watch this video
that apparently achieves Bordalás on the
same day of the trial okay even though I
uploaded it today throwing this video
December 17, 2020 I am going to publish today
definitely I don't know if I am going to
publish it later basically every time I
love you handsome Javi it ​​was worth getting into
crime in the middle of work it was worth
it not distancing itself it is always worth it come
come to my live shows okay remind
everyone to become members  ok what do
you do member that is that the gifts are
worth until I give it away
we are more than two thousand two of more than 2,200
members okay on the secondary channel and
always remembered that you can see all
the live streams in full I have six members
without advertising ok you can see everything without
advertising there are parts that I upload to the
secondary channel then the extracts
some others only wish okay but if
so members you can always enjoy
all the live streams in full vouchers in case you
use it for a period or whatever to
be the trial of wish michu three years and
a bit waiting to have a trial on
this person that you all know the copies
of your three years man look at you three years
you know that he reports someone I am
these issues of the YouTube fight and the
YouTube conflicts and so on I see that the
best thing is to respond in video on
twitter or while traveling respond where they
have you where they have lied about you I don't know
that it is something super huge okay
but better not it is that we seen what we have seen it is
not worth taking things to the
players because then they see it as fights
between YouTubers then you  you spend three years, it's a
crazy amount of money, so it
certainly hasn't been worth
it, from what I can see, with what I've
done, it's absolutely incredible how long it's
taken for this to come to trial,
but finally, consider, I'd like to
tell you a little bit about what the
trial was based on, how his defense went inside. What I'm
going to say is from memory, so there
may be some specific information
that I'm paraphrasing, I don't remember
exactly, but it's basically what
happened here, it's not going to the bone yet,
taken to trial for doing very
serious things to students against friends, you know what they are?
If I'm an abuser and I abuse
women, animals, and the environment, lesser is the
point, nothing of things worth all the
goods in his video, in addition to an
explicit call to go after me,
now it's your turn, now it's your turn
to speak, I don't know what,
effectively so that people
basically do what he did in his day,
which is basically to go to bed, so what
happened six the consequences, the harassment
that he suffered precisely because of him,
Haiti, is infinite, there are tweets infinite
times worse, but if I put it on
YouTube, maybe they see them too loudly, you can
search for them, maybe they're on  all the sites
published the address of his house
publish a lot of people or rather
people became very very very heavy very
equivalent to me one of the things that I
found worst about whip michu's video
was when at the end of the video he says send
the others make videos not directly he
says like now it's the
youtubers' turn all of you who what Dallas has
done something to you make a video I don't
know what it is your time to talk I don't know that's what
I see that in the face of
a conflict those lies can be worse
the harassment that even my
girlfriend my sister suffers address that was leaked
even my sister's mine of all
problems the worst thing about this case is
that he lied about judicial processes
to which he had firsthand access
because the judicial processes that he
spoke about the main one he spoke about
was that of Ingrid he completely lied about
that process and then also
while with respect to everything
else I'm going to summarize that it is his
defense his defense and goes down the bravo
by the way he also has a
lot of cloth this man on top of him at the very end
of the trial
to the  victim saying that I had
dedicated videos to the brave man when he has never
dedicated an entire video to me in my life and he
instead has dedicated
all kinds of derogatory witticisms to me since 2016, such as those about
your book, I feel like reading, it
is not a fact that helps you determine your
level as a writer and not him,
a lawyer, okay, a lawyer who
is the lawyer who represents these
people is dedicated to posting these tweets to
the enemies of his clients, I don't know
what, no, no, I don't understand the logic
of this country as a brave man voter being
capable of messing with Mitra and then going to
court saying that they mess with the
lawyer
like it's real but the bones of the lawyer
say yes, yes, he made a video about me, no,
and for example, I imagine that the
response to the lawsuit by guys michu,
well, surely the lawyer, I don't
remember if he did it with me, but he has
surely posted some video in
which he will give the mentions without looking
at this video, he dedicates a video to the
lawyer, of course, but not putting the
tweets and the threads that you have dedicated to him,
okay,
and the judges are not going to start looking
to see if  the lawyer has dedicated some
tweet
work directly in a public scratch milestone
on twitter that has more than
3000 retweets of disgusting tweet and in the
trial he was able to play the victim
saying to this lawyer this gentleman who
has dedicated several videos and it is
absolutely impressive his defense was
mainly based on saying I was
very bad very bad and that basically I
deserve to be slandered in order to summarize
my main point of the defense was to
say that I made videos and my lawsuits
and it is like ronald you are the ones who
go to the press the same one as that
lawyer is the one who dedicates himself for years
to calling they repeat a lot they insist on
you monetizing because he makes the video of the
trials and it is like let's see if
I think that is a strategy in
reality if not it does not fit me I think
this is a deliberate strategy okay to
then go to court saying yes yes it is that
look he has released a video
saying of the trial it is that he does business
with his vices
if you go to the press and we
have to defend ourselves
how do we do it if we do not have
access to the press and you do  the
strategy of paying the press and now
if we respond for putting it in the
complaint that we do business and
since we do not keep business I do not
need to talk about any
of these processes on my channel okay or when it is
a controversial topic or a pool topic in fact
is that on my channel I want to talk as
little as possible about for example my area
Antonia are people who have already
tired me, bored me, exhausted me
okay and then you form these chickens and this
mess and the truth is I do not feel like having anything
with them I am looking forward to the end of the
process and see you later see you later
sincerely if there is a very
public move very viral like for example
when Dallas the complaint or when I will
make the statements that she made a
couple of months ago not about
abused women and others not things to
comment on that are viral and
obviously in my work okay but
that I have to be making videos
because her friend comes and
threatens me because then in the forum where they
are friends of hers they put I don't know what they
publish I don't know what about my dog ​​because
then they go to facua and publish I don't know what
news saying that in the videos I have
harassed and having said that I am made of
mind or to defend that the videos are so
monetized is that
my entire channel is planetized just like they are
monetizing the old videos of I
defended her or in other words, what weight does it
take away from the fact that this one we have used, the fact that it is not does not
take away any weight, complete
hurdes
to attack me publicly, you have to attack
even my work and my public image
because he has other tweets too that
are pearls like for example Dallas is
very angry with the Manuel Bartual thing
because he does not see it as fair that someone generates
so much attention not even talking about
Sussex, incredible that this guy
represents Wish a lot today it does not
seem ethical to me honestly and on top of that
acceleration of the victim and using the
argument that the lady is
answered in videos is like Osiris Free,
basically what they have done has been to
gather all the dramas that I have had
and put them together in this trial although they have
nothing to do with the video because they
literally have nothing to create with the
video it is Machu Picchu, his video makes a
series of statements about
specific cases in 2017 and bravo your lawyer and
them  they also contribute things and there are
some from the following year two years
later it is that it is not clear that it is not a
dispute of youtuber let's see one
thing is that it deals with how I will do
daily recently in a video in a
live did something that came out in a
secret video okay what is coming a video
srm her in the live I don't know what she
was talking about if some youtuber
was fighting with another who was insulting
who I don't know what and look at the live she
took and said let's
see I see it normal that when a
person is being attacked and gets heated
in a moment of heat she lets out some
expressions and the second she is without
thought and would say or if this is
precisely what we did to javi
okay my mother on twitter is
attacking him that I live was
saying I don't know what that my environment the
people my environment like in the league of
cowards and the other I don't know what starts to
insult him and there comes a time when
everyone telling you no there is no that he
wanted to [ __ ] her no there is no that I don't know that it's not that I don't
know how much well there has been a time when
I  I have to defend myself live
in some live so that others,
well maybe I could be wrong okay that's not
the case because the things that they have
reported to me are not such but she
remains thoughtful and at the moment that or if she
says but for example there are people there are
people who make up
as she said exactly they are not
literal words but she said something like there are
people who get
involved without anyone calling them in
conflict when things are not going with them and
then take it personally and
respond to something like that you don't know and it shows
what it shows what she missed but
it's that they are to places I really are
people that I don't want I don't want them
in my life nor do I want one that spends everything
knows more nothing know far from the
popular topics and vilar and viral okay there are
others that are from the year 2013 that I don't
even talk about those things to which she
is for an hour contest with bwin takes care of
her they had their contest there in 2013
okay but then during all the years
I who have seen hit indirectly and
huincul has recognized in his videos that
if they hit a stuffed dog that  if they
stay as girlfriend that yes I don't know that there makes
those types of jokes it has been to wish
michu okay then give it to made the video
talking about the bottle that was a
super viral topic and michu launched that video
but they were not in a contest you know
some of them others that literally
could not have spoken because they
have nothing to do with it and try that this
is very strong and try to make
me paint as guilty in a trial where they
declared me innocent he grabs the
sentence and deforms it in such a way that he
says that it is approved that I committed this
crime and it is like impressive
basically I would not be surprised if the
statement of I would be surprised if some of
them that I don't know I don't know I don't know who
all the boys were I don't think it was
my area Antonia but I don't know if there were
any more but I would not be surprised if
some of them
in the testimony in the statement of it
was about the torso if it is always that the
sentence said about the torso let's
drink I would bet on those who play the
game of deceiving they play the game of
trying to mislead because it is a very
complicated case to understand that knowing
many different things although both my
lawyer and many people who
commented on it if  you were in this case you
are very clear but if you just
saw the case and you have no idea of ​​everything that
is behind it, it is a lot, it is a lot of
content, it is a lot of history to see, it is a
lot of dates to be able to evaluate and put together
because on top of that, Frank, welcome, they were
all there because that is another
wyss michu María and her mother Antonia,
originally Ingrid was also going to go
as a witness but what happened, he gave up on
her because they basically broke up and
obviously he was not a witness because he
knew perfectly well that everything he said
in his video was a lie, what about
Ingrid not saying that she was not going to testify in the
end, that seems to me wow wow
because then they tried to hide that they had a
fight, I don't know if I even
heard them live, that there
was no fight and that they had a
fight, some of that, I am not sure
how it is possible that you go to a trial
to defend yourself and you do not bring your only
main witness, who is indie, who is
who you talk about in your videos that fast
those against me, Ingrid and that the main
witness
is that he is the main witness, the
video was about her, it really was not
because they are fighting a lot, if not a
lot of fighting and this for me
is the area Antonio, I see it, I don't know,
almost as a witness Antonio,
those of Antonio, which I don't understand now we
will have to see if they all go, publish it
but I will do it yes because I will do it also
spoke in the video regarding the
dog and I don't know what story
they had the nerve to say in the
trial that it was outrageous because she felt
harassed by me now, I mean, impressive,
absolutely impressive, you don't have a
witness because you know perfectly well that
that witness cannot, and also does not
want to lie for you anymore if you are
fighting, what you do is in the trial, I mean, say
that it was not because of me, because of me, that she did not go to
your trial because of me because she
felt harassed by my face, so harassed
that until literally a month ago she
was retweeting and publishing things
on her profile still about me, which
lately she has been much
calmer but there she was a month ago
we are well, calmer when
this thread about the psychologist is good,
the thread that they did to her last time and what they
did to Dallas, slandering him
calling him a pedophile ingrid repeats it
or well she retweeted several tweets the thread
feeling well arrive incredible fear
obviously any logical person
realizes why it was not English
because simply everything that
wyss mich said in his video was false and there
was no way to deny it
because objectively it is false as I have already
commented a million times to
recommend watching my definitive video
summarized in HD I recommend you see it
take churra once at the entrance of
ifema when the madrid game week was held
in 2019 he got out of a cavi fai and I
was two meters away and when
his friends got next to him he said
he said it
also sums up in many things but it is
what they play and they play
confusion look at this thing that he said
here how bad it is and it is like
moment what I said here is in
response to what you said here you need to
look at the facts it is not what they do
constantly it is cutting what they say
in the first place and then
simply put what I say for
example and m
fat of the taxi driver we have  arrived two
minutes late I'm going to give it one star
because I can't give it less than that [ __ ] it too
bad he didn't record it I don't
know who he's referring to but
anyway don't say it because
we're going to comment on public things okay do
n't tell things that I don't know that aren't
public okay if you've seen you
because they give now for you I don't know
who you're referring to his
lawyer who starts telling me no you haven't
published these videos about guys
michu it's like an email of all these
videos that they're mentioning here
are not even dated they're from a year or
two years later I mean they have nothing to
do with his video second in none
of my videos never in my life
slandered wish michu not in the slightest
and third a large part of my videos on
this subject have been precisely to
deny all the horrible slander
that is left out of circumcision his video
because on top of that the bravo is his
question to Egypt it's supposed that if you
want to report if you want to
report
of course you can't
respond publicly because they cling
to apple also more videos look at the
videos that we've made although  the
paid videos to clean up your image and your
name wow nobody dedicated you asking me
questions telling me that you monetize
the videos I told him man no if you
think you're going to the press of slander
accuses me flames of everything and on top of that I'm going to
be the bad guy for publicly defending myself
from all the nonsense that you've
let yourself act
javi look at the correct channel the
end is coming
what's happening to the correct channel
fam my
goodness a channel with three
million subscribers visits us
my goodness the visit but man
good man friends months tsunami almost all
the thumbnails of the lollipop channel
when there are contestants kissing and
things like that to whom I always appeal to well
yes yes I have to tell them something
and no it's not that I have to shave my
beard they're right they're right if it
's the first time they see me on video on
screen if they touch my beard area
because I really haven't
trimmed it for weeks there's no [ __ ] way
and I wanted to tell you that as you have seen
the channel has changed its name it has
changed its dress
doctor the lynx that from then on well
I'm going to do  all kinds of content do
not interest me to say about myself the
other say about me and the other say
about me as of course I monetized it
is my job and this phrase say it is my
job the guy used it later in his
final conclusion to turn it around and
make believe and affirm that I said that my
job was to sue me with youtubers it
is absolutely true the
final conclusion so that you understand it is
the defense is the one who has the last
word at the end of the trials for the
two lawyers speak first the one who
denounces and then the defense okay well in
that last one in those last minutes that
the defense lawyer has to
say whatever he wants well there you can say
whatever you want you can say whatever you
want because nobody is going to answer you
or rather the trial is not like a
youtube debate that if I had something I lie to you
had something that I lie no no no each
one has their turn to speak the last one
who speaks can say whatever they want
because they are not going to answer it and that
stays there you know in front of pathetic he grabbed a
statement telling me it is my job to
make videos and guys deformed it by
agreement and said it is his job he said it  it
's their job to complain than to
make public moves and hate
youtubers literally when the only
youtuber that is being sued by me and that we have
gone to trial has been this case
point but on top of that they wanted to
paint it as if I were the first to
attack and then if they respond I
reported it is like you are saying ideal
never in life and everyone who
sees my channel knows it but again they play
the fool they play by confusing
confuse the judge to see because look or
look how bad it is that this is public
look how bad it is that she dedicates videos to
lawyers and it's comfortable I have
never dedicated videos to lawyers who have
not attacked me before she is more like one
of Mariah's old lawyers and who
dedicated some tweets to me in her day I never
made any kind of life about
her but because it is her job I
simply have nothing to say
about a lawyer who does his job
now we stay because [ __ ]
because there are things that she has said that are not they are
not as she has said Sáez but in the
end we have to recognize the man has
done a good job
his job which was to defend Wind  mich
one who acquitted has done it the man
has done his job he understands me more that they
seem better to us the way or not well it doesn't
matter the desire
I don't care at all what they say
in court patient when he does
his job but when and well like the
brave one we can put tweets messing
with my work making garbage threads and
all this [ __ ] the truth is that he is already
a public figure so we
can respond that he is
win michu's lawyer that sea water is good
but he is a public figure I insist he has
been a councilor for Podemos and he has been a
television contributor he has a
ton of followers if he wants to he starts
talking about us in his tweets or we
can respond
and honestly thank you and when the
brave one started playing the victim at the
exit of the trial I told him I'll send you
videos the threads that you have dedicated to me
that you give me you were the first one
to start attacking me
publicly and the guy goes and you can
say it I swear that the guy started
to tremble
I think this mind didn't even
expect me to tell him because
really  it made me angry and he was capable of
playing the victim after all the
garbage he has posted about me on his
twitter it made me angry that he called cesc
the victim and I told him I dedicated
videos of complaints to you the things that you
dedicated to me and his legs started to shake that
are chicken lex
basically his legs started to
shake the guy gas tejas they did to him like this he
became zircon insulting it's like
mine my videos talking about said in
insulting why are you complaining I know that I have
responded to the things that you first
started throwing at me on twitter and with
that they play with everything basically
Maria also came out in court to tell you fact
my ex just five days ago dedicated a
30 minute video to me but don't say it's in
response to a statement that you yourself
coming back again to throw a
lot of [ __ ] about me on your twitter
that's what they play they play to reveal statement
that I
got maybe
this will be very twisted but maybe maybe
that statement was made to
try to get Dallas to make a
video of him days before the  trial and drop
excessively this entry
and rings the stone and hide their hand and
say he's the bad guy because he's the
bad guy he says things literally if you see
my videos they are all extending
the things they say it's terrifying
then they are so incredible and so
wonderful they have so much respect for
people who have been their friends and what they
did was start using through that
in the wish michu video shows a
photo of a girl saying ex under
16 well it's a total lie and she knew
perfectly well from sapag at that time she was
18 well placed
in the hay perfectly that pays at
that time she was 18
and says or so they have declared okay
they have declared both Maria and the
lawyer that Cristina lied about her
age that she lied about her age and Michu
saying that whoever knows the age who
has a lot of position is going to put up a video
saying that she's under 16 look check it at
least well well no that's how it is look
2016 the age is already known and Cristina the
lip puts it in her bio on her
social networks or well at this time they
were all friends no longer  they are see what they
did was accuse this aunt of
having lied about her age or you
miss it in a trial they go and accuse her
cinema
would be present of a crime with two
games if she is one hundred she was going to take on the
world ahead he is totally the
same about who would come on top they lie
about a girl she is a girl her age
always in hers of the profile clear as
if she is not there in the trial we are going to
accuse her of a crime we are going to say that it
was not Huixmí Chuquín she lied about her age
by herself which is false because she
had at all times her age she had the
lip of all the social networks at that
moment in my statement the truth I see
that I was quite good mainly
because well my lawyer asked me all
the questions so I could try to get
some context of what was
happening metal but wish michu's lawyer
dedicated himself to asking me questions were
of success not because he did this because what he
wanted was not for me to elaborate he did not
tell me my lawyer he knows perfectly well
that I have come a long way I always have the
advantage because I always speak the truth
because also by grace or by
misfortune I have the gift of the gab
because  I basically dedicate myself to it, I say
unfortunately because sometimes I talk
too much at times unlike
what the other party did because
literally they to many of the questions you
have to say I don't know, I don't know what in fact
I remember that another of the things
and Maria is going to answer is that it is
exactly as she said predicated as if
for her her procedures with me
were very much alive that they had not
finished something like that she said it is like literally
to this day since after carrying out I do
not want a single thing that you have
alive but I imagine this is going to be because
this year 2021 is to announce again
again not to lose the tradition as if it
were not a year for Manuel brings him a
new complaint with false new evidence to
denounce me in short of rão in estates I
say it scared me the arm I say it gave me
sure that he will report it more times and that what
as he said that Maria
Maria Antonia Marian said that Maria said
that for her her case was still very much alive
girl already
scared to hear my ex just a few
meters due to the view very alive not
exactly as he said it but he said that
the style that most made a comment a
plan  we'll see what comes or something like that
like I had the feeling I don't remember
the first feeling that I was
understanding he was going to continue with the roll I was
like goodbye
and it is being explained in my statement
in my statement his lawyer not to
ask me questions to answer yes
or no it's like let's see you're not going to
catch me on this because I know perfectly well
how it goes that what he wanted was for me to
admit things like admitting the
publication of this video where he tells
wish michu that she is a bad person now he did
n't want me to answer anything he didn't want me to
give him context of any
kind because what he
basically intended was what he already did after
anyway which is to take advantage of his
final conclusion to be able to release and
put in my mouth all the words
that he wanted without me having said them and
what I did contrary to what he
intended going to do to everything he told me I
said no no where are you going and I'm going to
give you context for all this the context
is high it is it is so the same is that the
lies of this man it is true they are
another level of I think I have lawyer and you
have a margin of things you are that he
literally lied about things are
public  he lied about things that are
public, he said it doesn't matter, not at all, but to
no one because wish michu had
reported everything about things that were already
public and it's like, no, no, sorry,
he didn't do news, I'm not denouncing wish
much because it's news,
saying he denounces grondona, no, no,
trial, he didn't limit himself to saying they
denounced him at all, he was
far from saying only that, very far, he made
direct accusations, he urged me and told me to
confess to my crimes,
as if it were this game of thrones, james
game was messing with justice
directly and saying that the judges don't
have a [ __ ] clue, just like what wyss said, by the
way, I find his video
funny because people started
spreading a meme of me entering my
2018 trial that they
completely falsified, which was in its title, it
says the judges have no idea, it's
like peter al, I never said that, I've never
said that, my life changed, yes, he
said it in his video but there everyone, how
good, how funny, how funny, left-
handed, sincerely absurd when my
lawyer dedicated himself to explicitly reading
the things that wish  He told me in his video
they were very strong, extremely strong
insults of all kinds,
direct accusations of all kinds, his lawyer
started to say, excuse me, what are you saying
this but you are not saying the minutes and it's
like, like he is not saying the
minutes, he kills them in the video to see
what he says as is, the shame of this
trial is that there are some things that have not been
able to be dealt with because it is a little
limited by it
and that it was debated here, yes, guys, he had slandered a lot, it's not
yes, he did it and I
hope with this mind, Javier, thank you,
welcome, I really wish the judge, I
know, to see correctly that he
has clearly dedicated himself to slander, and I
really hope that they condemn him for it because
the damage that he has been causing and
continues to cause with his slander to
this day is nameless, it does not exist, there has
never been a harassment campaign on YouTube,
neither at the English-speaking level nor at the
Spanish-speaking level, the
harassment campaign like this that they have done to me
during all these years does not exist, it
simply does not exist, the most
similar case, we can say that of James
Charles, who has been very famous  It didn't
contain even half of the accusations that have been
made against me, half of it and it's already a point
of absolute madness, but absolute
and maximum madness is that when Antonia,
Maria's mother, had already testified and sat
three seats away from me, at no good moment,
several moments in fact where the girl
put herself and did it on several occasions, she
began to whisper, half-say but it's a
literal one that you are listening to, she
said it very whispered so that
the microphones of the trial would not have been heard, it's
impossible because she was not
even close to a microphone, what I
did was
and leave a record of that, I raised my
hand and said, the thing is that the fair one
thought that I was going to talk something about the
case, I didn't talk anything about that
specific case, I only wanted to leave a record
that Antonia was insulting me in the
middle of the trial, how do you have to be,
well, you have to be there to interrupt
a trial halfway and for it to be
whispering insults towards the party she is
denouncing, it's impressive what this
lady is doing, printed,
this lady, or rather, my mother, in a trial,
man, they take you as a witness, a trial and
you start to think that she
could have harmed her friend's wifi
mother of god
action before and then what is
recorded and that is certain that it will be able to be seen
is her and constant whenever she could
get her gaze fixed on me those
safe safe safe that could be
captured on the court cameras because
the chick to whom I swear
truly a level of stalker to another
level you are not capable of in a court
starting to insult me ​​and hold my
gaze it is impressive I
clearly was not doing it because sao is
playing this game of little children that takes
her for a walk looking but I
clearly saw how the chick who is
dedicating herself to holding my gaze last
directing her gaze because I am not
some different kid I have no
need for andratx del parque the
chick literally dedicated herself on several
occasions to holding my gaze,
staring at me and insulting me it's like you
are very bad, very bad to do that in a
terrifying trial I said it will not have been
heard but as soon as I have that
video file I am sure that I will be
able to say the exact moment in which she
starts doing that because you can see her on
several occasions turn completely
towards  me and dedicate yourself to insulting me it's
true athletic to see then this lady
dares to say the harasser is me
really you have to have it, I mean you have to
have them really big you will see that in addition
the thing gets even more illegal
still you
all know there is a cobi protocol and
in the courts they have their protocol and the
protocol they have is that no
one can enter the courts unless they
are summoned because they are a witness
because they are the accusation or because they are accused
so when my lawyer and I got
there alone because the isi
I just left the image god have mercy on
you the scene man look at you the
scene anyone would be testifying
imagine anyone testifying and they
will all catch
that lady feels her life
since really these
people are video I know if it's a suit it's the same row of seats kerbalá stands next to it and starts insulting him he flew to the beginning and then he starts to file a complaint man man really man really do you want that behavior from a woman in a trial
man
always paying the zither something similar
to see that is recorded  trials are
always recorded it's not that I'm making things
worse but they are recorded and cameras
but that's how they did it to me and the truth is
because what ma'am please
real facts I need this in the
videos
I'm crazy because it was public the
prince in the days
if he couldn't accompany me precisely because of
the protocol because
the protocol had to be respected we found
water
his lawyer Antonia's yellow until then
everything was fine see suddenly there was a bald man
and a squabbling and Calyon establishment I didn't know
who it was and then write to several
people to find out who they are because I
thought at first and now I
think they will have to present new witnesses you
know special agents and get a
million witnesses and they carry descriptive
Antonio and Antonio must not have
resigned from service that I don't understand
today when I count the witness that he
carries mine
[Laughter] it
turns out it was the father and a friend of his
those are what they were
Ivan as companions completely violating
the court protocol because I do
n't know they are above the law
so above the protocol it's
absolutely impressive then they
arrest them there or for throwing parties and
they let them enter the court with
people who are not cited only as
companions with the protocol that you
cannot do that eight ovens or if
they look I don't even know how they got into
the court because again they only let you
in if you have a subpoena so the
only way I can think of that they could have gotten
in is through the door that
lawyers usually enter and that their
lawyer said that maybe he was
going to present them as witnesses I don't know
because they don't let you in they don't
let you in without a subpoena that's how
the protocol goes and they just came in they always
insist above the law
they always don't care
honestly it bothers me it bothers me
deeply that even in things like this
they are incapable of complying with the law and I
have to do tests and have to wait
outside during the almost four hours that they
put the trial while they are there they are
laughing and partying or if it were
violating the protocol of the
court itself impressive then they dare to
become moralistic like today they
organize parties and I don't know what and you who
are violating the protocol of the
court itself impressive
sincerely I don't know because everyone
presented as a witness proposed him to
testify neither the father nor the  friend but there were going to be
eight ovens companions now
when I'm recording this I'm not going to
publish but I'm going to give an assessment
of what was for me the best part the
city of Antonia has been worth it
and I think thank you very much come to see
the message waiting three years to
imagine Antonio in the wish they
insult Barbalace and me but seriously
dude since he's at a certain age today you're going to
put yourself in court insulting him when you go
as a witness to testify in favor of the
other to save the other so that they
come back to your friend it could have been
harmful because imagine if someone
there or some security or anyone
had seen and they had called
attention lady who is insulting the
other
and the EU on law and the law what
[Music]
oh my god and that my mother can
honestly come out in very little history of
beginnings like this the majority of trials of
style are simply filed it is not
given a great importance that among the
types of crime of slander is like the
least serious so it is a case that is
causing that now they are there
accustomed to murders rapes
crimes in the courts  that they are
not giving importance to a
YouTube issue
is what I'm telling you, I mean, we
saw weight in this lawsuit but because of
course we also know the whole
context, the whole story, which is true,
which is a lie and such, but you go to
trial, this one declares his own, what
happened, the other one arrives with his lawyer with
800 articles that have gone to the press
to publish because it just so happens that
the press never publishes anything about them,
you know about witt michu, from my air, when you
report them, the press never publishes
theirs, they only publish when they
report me, she alleges she's already like that
because look, it was in the
press, the person tells me this,
look at the videos that they've made there
and Castel Ruiz Hector to the YouTubers contest,
for me, at least, not only for me
personally, I consider it historic that it has
never existed, a case so
strong, never on YouTube does not exist,
simply that you are going to find it
because the most similar cases do not exist, they
do not deal with even half of the things
that have been done to me, so I saw
the judge who made a  pretty
neutral work in general it is true that he knew how to
cut him off more than once when the brave one
dedicated himself to going overboard with the questions
without any kind of sense and without any
kind of correlation in fact it prevented him from asking one
of the questions he wanted to ask me
that prevented him completely but
again it is a very complicated case
I understand and I comprehend that
maybe at some point the judge feels
that she lacks information because they have
provided an amount of nonsense that
is impressive they have taken everything they
could take they have mixed it up they have
put it there to play the deception to
mess it up to confuse so that it is not
well understood who speaks first who answers
later when always always always and
always it has been demonstrated the dates are
there everything is public those who
start with things with the slander with
the accusations with the harassment with
the threats with always them but they
try to pretend well that I am the bad one
because look how bad I am I make
videos about it my illusion
defending myself from the
and what else can you see the dates are all
public what is good for here they are
public so as I see it
sincerely I do not know there is a
possibility  that they condemn you for what he did it would be
fair it would be
necessary to delete that video
once and for all he has to apologize for the
slander and lg at least he should have
deleted the video dude I'm not even telling you
the sentence is already thrown out but at least he should have
deleted the
video I'm not going to victoria more or
less glad he puts a closed done and on
to something else you know
and each to his own life
that he did that he did them like there is a
possibility that the horrible refinery
but the possibility that they consider
that it's all a fight between
youtubers and of course like me
dedicating videos that I didn't see any sense to him
because they are defending myself from what is his
then it doesn't have that much value it wouldn't
make any sense to me
honestly because it's like he assumes
that he attacks me now I'm the bad guy
to make videos forcing me to
defend myself the houses that he attacks me wouldn't
make any sense to my taste it
would be absolute defenselessness
absurd action defenselessness in its maximum
splendor because how is it going to be that
someone publicly attacks you and
publicly humiliated this thing publicly and
me to others  for things technically if you
descend if you are at the same level it does
n't make any sense ideally it doesn't make
any sense but well the possibility is
there now the possibility is
there and you never know you never know what
can happen the biggest problem for me is that it
is a very
long story you have to look at dates you have to look at
the evidence that they publish so look at
things and understand the
general concept very well and that can take you have to
exaggerate or it can take perfectly 10 20
hours I say it literally I am going to
take that time or more to review all of that
and also without a little help to
understand the concept of why this was
why
and another for the people who are not
involved here in the channel and who do not know
that always what this whole story is
those people have a hard time
understanding it because it is a super
complex issue and there is a lot going on behind it and anyway
I hope and I have hope that the
judge knows how to see it knows how to analyze it does not
let herself be guided by the same thanks
taken out of context terrible that she is
dedicated to defending him
condemn him to what is fair to delete that
video and ask for forgiveness is what is appropriate
but also  you know that within the framework of
the sentence you can appeal it seems
that a couple of times then the
sentence itself sometimes is not definitive but
that can still point a little bit in the
right direction mind you because there have been times that there have
been sentences in which I have
participated in other trials and other
issues that could also be me myself has
explained some I don't know about action this
reaction in the previous one I came out
the trial of this kid who made a
seven minute video of me calling me my son
of a [ __ ] that he was breaking me this that in the
first instance I won and in the
appeal they acquitted him they acquitted him
saying that the video could not be
proven to be from youtube and that it
cannot be proven that the video was he
referred to me that Oliveira was Oli
[ __ ] to an island of I don't know where I have to
pay attention God I'm going to read that
sentence because it is tremendous but for
example Irene Montero managed in the
first instance she denounced a bone
a journalist no more good who in a
column wrote a poem about her
asked him for 70 thousand euros in the first instance
Irene Montero won okay they sentenced the
other 70 thousand euros but in the appeal
the other one won and had to pay, I'm going to pay the
other person's costs, you know, in other words,
the trials, the first sentence is not
final, okay, that's never, you
can always appeal a couple of times
and they are very long, I think things have to be
clarified in another way, time, we're going to
fix it, we're going to talk, we're going to find
out, but going to court, man,
for these things on YouTube and such, and you
go when all the parties, for
example, in my case, the times that they've
reported me, well, the only complaint I have
pending is that they've done and
told me too much, I think that in
addition, they've done, they've told me too many
things, let's see, but still, if a
video of mine had bothered them in some way, I've
said it a lot of times, damn, tell me, leave me
alone, I'll remove the video, it's
bothersome and leave me alone, he's really been
with this for three years and he has to know about
it, the truth is that it's not something that I
like, the initial sentence was one thing and
then the final resolution was nothing about
Jiménez Losantos, it was the trait that comes out or not even
Jiménez Losantos lost it, I don't know
if in the first or second instance  but
Jiménez Losantos also reported him and
from Montero not only because he was but it
was right maybe it's also worth it for
civil matters and first I think they sentenced
Jiménez for five thousand euros something like that and
then the appeal they sentenced her to pay the
financial costs
when we present the first sentence
the first one is not definitive you have to
keep that in mind to know both
for the Dallas trial so that those that I
tell whatever it is that then
appeals come to see since this
can easily take ten years
you know it
's totally the turn around so I don't
know sincerely I'm nervous
honestly I want to think that what has to happen is going to
happen what is justice I think they are
going to condemn him I think that he is going to be
able to see it as it is and that he is not going to
let himself be fooled by all the
ridiculous decontextualizations that
the defense made and by the literally
absurd lies that if he remains I
simply trust that he is not going to let himself be
fooled by the ridiculous things that
the defense dedicated themselves to telling and the truth
that it makes me a little angry in part how
the judicial system works because in
this case it is  so many things that I
would prefer a thousand times that the judge was
able to see it and then ask her
doubts in a weak way and this that this that
maybe but she can't do it at the
moment in which we are the truth for
me would be the ideal that today totally
transparent to everyone, I'm not afraid of
any question because I have never lied
absolutely nothing because I'm not afraid of
anything what may well be nothing
kids three years waiting in the end
for this to be worthless nothing more
speaks many times here on this channel
when as she talks about the issues of
denunciation and so on when there are conflicts
between people in public and so on it has to
be that someone I know who says
one thing
also depends a lot on Thursday because
maybe there may be a judge who
interprets that something is worth it
now for me to fight for my son
we have the fights they are both serious there
may be a judge who something that you
consider serious does not see it as condemnable
okay but then it can come to another judge
and that something lesser and they condemn you
know that depends on the judge each judge
interprets things as he wants or
as he considers okay and that's it
for me for my personal opinion as I
say there is another no problem with
wind michelle we've had
our disagreements and such he insulted me on
twitter I've made videos of his
controversies the mail south also twitter
taking me rat those in the distribution but
neither that I hate him nor hate him nor you to
find in and I wish him the bad nor
is that I want to know but honestly it would have
seemed nice to me that in this
trial not a sentence in a bad way or
a fortune but man at least delete the
video okay with that video it hurt him save it a
lot and at least delete the video you
know he would have spoken put gives the one he
would have said he limited the dick cha
let's fix this the oops I'm going to
remove the video right here is the video
the bottle I if they had spoken
but it would have been more logical
the lawyer from Dallas has done it
that way the truth is I find it incredible
that they can allow it but it shouldn't be I
think that a trial should
be more like a debate here on
youtube not to no not anymore and on
youtube but if someone says
something you can answer and give it
context or deny they know what the
defense is good luck there everything that wants goes
to go down and nobody checks it knows anything
Cristina's mind or with age
yes because I say this the press like that because
then and from this and there it remains in what it
remains for an idea or with another
idea or a little bit here a little bit
there and in the end say well what do I
know I no I already say these are things the issues of
the played the further away the less
gentlemen we will see each other tomorrow okay well I don't
know if we will see each other tomorrow on the
lollipop channel for sure okay already on the
main channel the secondary depends on how
things are probably yes
probably yes if not everyone to the
video of the main channel that today I
uploaded a pretty strong game over and
that has burned the protagonist a lot
that in fact he has already made a reaction
10 minutes after having uploaded it he had already
done he was already doing the
reaction in tweets so I was going to see it
because the video is very
okay he
hugged everyone